What I just asked you to do
Keep it up
I don't know what to order.
Get out of here, okay, okay
Forget it, forget it, get out of here
Lee went into my office and helped me get something
Wang Shao, what are you?
The Heavenly Pig's Feet brought back from the Mobei Divine Fist
Pork's feet
Wang Shao, are you going to receive foreign presidents?
I'm going to visit the industrialist the day after tomorrow.
Bring more things then
How much is two taels?
Have the Tujia arrived?
Not yet. What are we going to do?
Ouch hello my good sister
You are finally willing to bring your precious husband here
I heard he used to screw in the city
and
He was still pretending to be a resident in Nanzhou the day before yesterday and made him laugh
Sister, are you sure you want to take him in?
He's my man.
Why can't I take it home?
Certainly!
But today are all celebrities from Shangjing
Attached, what jokes is my brother-in-law making at that time?
It didn't end well.
You don't need to worry about my business.